chore: polish and remove html tags in kb21-30 files (#1003)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: knowledge-base/kb0016.md

# HOWTO: Fix 'EOleException' or 'EAccessViolation' crash when starting Keyman Developer

### **NOTE**: This archived documentation has not been updated recently and may contain information that is no longer relevant

If you receive an error similar to the following below, when starting Keyman Developer or using the Character Map within Keyman Developer, then the Unicode Character Database may have become corrupt.

> Exception 'EOleException' in module tike.exe at 0000C0CAB Item cannot be found in the collection corresponding to the requested name or ordinal  
> Exception 'EAccessViolation in module tike.exe at 001AB190 Access violation at address 001BC190 in module 'tike.exe'. Read of address 00000008

## Solution

> Delete the file **unicodedata.md** in **c:\program files\tavultesoft\keyman develope** (or the folder where you installed Keyman Developer), and restart Keyman Developer. The file will be recreated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the file **unicodedata.mdb** in **c:\program files\tavultesoft\keyman developer** (or the folder where you installed Keyman Developer), and restart Keyman Developer. The file will be recreated.
```
